doc(troubleshooting): sync agent profiler usage (#1166)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.10.0/troubleshoot/troubleshooting.md

Some vendors choose to change the directory for various reasons. For example, GKE uses `/home/kubernetes/flexvolume` instead.

The correct directory can be found by running `ps aux|grep kubelet` on the host and check the `--volume-plugin-dir` parameter. If there is none, the default `/usr/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet-plugins/volume/exec/` will be used.

## Profiling

> ### Engine, replica, and sync agent runtime
> 
> Pprof server can be enabled dynamically for runtime profiling.
> 
> To enable profiling, shell into the instance manager pod, and check the port of the runtime using `ps`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Engine, Replica, and Sync Agent Runtime

You can enable the `pprof` server dynamically to perform runtime profiling.

To enable profiling, you can:
1. Shell into the instance manager pod.
2. Identify the runtime process and its port using `ps`:
```

...
root        1996  0.0  0.6 1990080 20996 ?       Sl   Jul25   0:05 /host/var/lib/longhorn/engine-binaries/longhornio-longhorn-engine-v1.10.0/longhorn --volume-name vol replica /host/var/lib/longhorn/replicas/vol-3004fc59 --size 1073741824 --disableRevCounter --replica-instance-name vol-r-ec7e35e4 --snapshot-max-count 250 --snapshot-max-size 0 --sync-agent-port-count 7 --listen 0.0.0.0:10000
root        2004  0.0  0.6 1695152 22708 ?       Sl   Jul25   0:09 /host/var/lib/longhorn/engine-binaries/longhornio-longhorn-engine-v1.10.0/longhorn --volume-name vol sync-agent --listen 0.0.0.0:10002 --replica 0.0.0.0:10000 --listen-port-range 10003-10009 --replica-instance-name vol-r-ec7e35e4
root        2031  0.0  0.6 1916348 23760 ?       Sl   Jul25   0:46 /engine-binaries/longhornio-longhorn-engine-v1.10.0/longhorn --engine-instance-name vol-e-0 controller vol --frontend tgt-blockdev --disableRevCounter --size 1073741824 --current-size 0 --engine-replica-timeout 8 --file-sync-http-client-timeout 30 --snapshot-max-count 250 --snapshot-max-size 0 --replica tcp://10.42.2.7:10000 --replica tcp://10.42.0.15:10000
--replica tcp://10.42.1.7:10000 --listen 0.0.0.0:10010
```

> And assign a port to enable the pprof server for given runtime process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable the `pprof` server for the desired runtime (for example, sync-agent):

> In this example, the sync-agent process listens on port `10002`.
```

```bash
$ /host/var/lib/longhorn/engine-binaries/longhornio-longhorn-engine-v1.10.0/longhorn --url http://localhost:10002 profiler enable --port 36060
$ /host/var/lib/longhorn/engine-binaries/longhornio-longhorn-engine-v1.10.0/longhorn --url http://localhost:10002 profiler show

Profiler enabled at Addr: *:36060
```

> The pprof server of sync agent (serves at port `10002`) is available at `http://localhost:36060` inside the instance manager pod in the example. Refer to the [pprof official document](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http/pprof#hdr-Usage_examples) for the profiler usage.
> 
> The profiler can be disabled after profiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `pprof` server is now accessible at `http://localhost:36060` *inside the instance manager pod*.

4. Use the `pprof` interface for runtime inspection. For more details, refer to the [official pprof documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http/pprof#hdr-Usage_examples).

5. Disable the profiler after completing your analysis:
```
